feat(docs): update product docs for self-driving IA (#18605)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/support/start-here.mdx

Reviewer: <img width="1512" height="857" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f15b56c9-72a0-43a4-b6a8-375c91cf6189" />

The visual alignment between the left column text's starting point and start here hog aren't quite lined up.

There's an uncomfortable tightness between that title and lower text box, while elsewhere on this page there's a lot of space. Is this something we can/should tweak? (we can do this elsewhere but came up

Author: going to address this in my papercuts pass

---
title: Get started with Support
hideRightSidebar: true
contentMaxWidthClass: max-w-5xl
---

import { QuestLog, QuestLogItem } from 'components/Docs/QuestLog'
import OSButton from 'components/OSButton'
import { IconChat, IconAtSign, IconMessage, IconGithub, IconMagic } from '@posthog/icons'

<QuestLog firstSpeechBubble="Let's set up customer support!" lastSpeechBubble="You're ready to help your users!">

<QuestLogItem title="Enable Support and add the widget" subtitle="Where tickets begin" icon="IconToggle">

> The first step is to enable Support and drop the in-app widget onto your site, so customer conversations start arriving as tickets. Every widget ticket automatically carries the sender's session replay, events, and identity, so you always have the full story.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step is to enable Support and add the in-app widget to your site, so customer conversations start arriving as tickets. Every widget ticket automatically attaches the sender's [session replay](/session-replay), [events](/docs/product-analytics/capture-events), and [identity](https://posthog.com/docs/product-analytics/identify), so you always have the full story.
```

Just reads a bit awk + links for people who don't know posthog well yet

Building your own interface instead? The [JavaScript API](/docs/support/javascript-api) gives you the same backend without the default widget.

<OSButton variant="primary" asLink to="/docs/support/widget">Set up the widget</OSButton>

</QuestLogItem>

<QuestLogItem title="Connect your other channels" subtitle="Email, Slack, and GitHub" icon="IconMessage">

> Meet customers wherever they already are. Beyond the widget, conversations can arrive from [email](/docs/support/email), [Slack](/docs/support/slack), and [GitHub](/docs/support/github), and every channel syncs both ways so you answer from a single inbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Meet customers wherever they are. Beyond the widget, conversations can arrive from [email](/docs/support/email), [Slack](/docs/support/slack), and [GitHub](/docs/support/github), and every channel syncs both ways so you answer from a single inbox.
```
awk

</QuestLogItem>

<QuestLogItem title="Automate assignment, tags, and SLAs" subtitle="Rules you control" icon="IconDecisionTree">

Let rules handle the repetitive parts. [Workflows](/docs/support/workflows) are rules you control – no autonomous AI involved. For example:

- Set SLAs based on channel or priority
- Auto-assign new tickets to a role
- Tag tickets by customer email domain
- Reopen a ticket when the customer replies

<OSButton variant="primary" asLink to="/docs/support/workflows">Set up workflows</OSButton>

</QuestLogItem>

<QuestLogItem title="Turn tickets into fixes" subtitle="Support feeds Self-driving" icon="IconMagic">

Support isn't just an inbox – it's a signal source. Recurring issues in your conversations become [Self-driving](/docs/self-driving) reports, and when there's a code fix, a pull request you review and merge. Answering customers still happens in the Support inbox; you review these fixes in the Self-driving inbox.

<div className="not-prose flex flex-wrap items-center gap-x-3 gap-y-2 my-4">
  <span className="flex items-center gap-1.5 text-sm font-semibold text-primary">

>     <IconMessage className="size-5 shrink-0 text-red" />

Reviewer: These look clickable but are not clickable
